Deoxyribonucleic acid (abbreviated DNA) is the molecule that carries genetic information for the development and functioning of an organism.
Humans have a total of 206 bones.
Far more than just discovering the laws of gravity, Sir Isaac Newton was also responsible for working out many of the principles of visible light and the laws of motion, and contributing to calculus.
Diamond is the hardest naturally occurring substance found on earth. Diamonds also bend and reflect light and break it up into the colours of the rainbow, which is what gives them their sparkle.
Earth's atmosphere is composed of about 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, and one percent other gases.
It is surprising that Humans and chimps share a surprising 98.8 percent of their DNA.
The Sun is 93 million miles away, so sunlight takes 8 and 1/3 minutes to get to us. Not much changes about the Sun in so short a time, but it still means that when you look at the Sun, you see it as it was 8 minutes ago.
A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes is a book on theoretical cosmology by English physicist Stephen Hawking. It was first published in 1988.
There are two important temperature scales, Celsius and Fahrenheit used in the world. There is a point on both scales where the temperatures in degrees are equal. This is - 40 ° C and - 40 ° F.
Although born in Poland, Marie Curie spent much of her life living in France. As a result, she has been portrayed several times in French cinema.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from our Sun and is, by far, the largest planet in the solar system – more than twice as massive as all the other planets combined. 
Atomic number is the name given for the number of protons found in the nucleus of the atom.
The average person is born with 33 individual bones (the vertebrae) that interact and connect with each other through flexible joints called facets. By the time a person becomes an adult most have only 24 vertebrae because some vertebrae at the bottom end of the spine fuse together during normal growth and development.
On October 4, 1957, the Soviet Union launched the earth's first artificial satellite, Sputnik I. The successful launch came as a shock to experts and citizens in the United States, who had hoped that the United States would accomplish this scientific advancement first.
Hippocratic oath, ethical code attributed to the ancient Greek physician Hippocrates, adopted as a guide to conduct by the medical profession throughout the ages and still used in the graduation ceremonies of many medical schools.
Insulators: A material that does not conduct electrical current is known as an insulator. Paper, plastic, rubber, glass, and air are all good insulators.
The Apollo 15 mission was the first to carry a lunar rover, which allowed the astronauts to travel much further from their landing site and sample a much wider variety of lunar materials.
How many teeth do adults have? Most adults have 32 teeth, which is 12 teeth more than children! Among these 32 teeth are 8 incisors, 4 canines, 8 premolars, and 12 molars, including 4 wisdom teeth.
Mycology is the branch of biology concerned with the study of fungi, including their genetic and biochemical properties, their taxonomy and their use to humans, including as a source for tinder, traditional medicine, food, and entheogens, as well as their dangers, such as toxicity or infection.
The giant Pacific octopus has three hearts, nine brains and blue blood, making reality stranger than fiction. 
Octopuses have 9 'brains'. One central brain is used for overall control. At the base of each arm is a group of nerve cells which can control each arm independently, acting as smaller brains.
The letters “J” and “Q” are the only two letters not found on the periodic table. These letters do not occur in either element symbols or element names.
Cheetahs are the world's fastest land animal, capable of reaching speeds of up to 70 mph.
A prime number is a positive integer that has exactly two distinct whole number factors (or divisors), namely 1 and the number itself. 2 is the only even prime number
Laser stands for Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation
A circle is a special figure with no straight edges. Its perimeter is referred by a special term called the Circumference.
Sound moves at a much faster speed in the water than in air , the distance that sound waves travel is primarily dependent upon ocean temperature and pressure.
With an average depth of 14,020 ft or 4,820 m, the deepest ocean in the world is the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Ocean has the deepest point in the world other than being the overall deepest ocean in the world. The Mariana Trench is the deepest point on the planet and it is at nearly 35,797 ft or 11,000 m deep.
What was the name of the first artificial satellite to enter space?
Who is credited with the creation of the World Wide Web?
Lightning hotter than the surface of the sun: true or false?
Where in the human body can the smallest bone be found?
How many bones do sharks have?
What is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia the scientific term for?
What does USB stand for?
What is the largest desert on Earth?
In which year were the first collisions achieved in the Large Hadron Collider?
What is the heaviest organ in the human body?
What is the rarest blood type in humans?
In which year was Pluto reclassified as a Dwarf Planet?
What is the biggest animal in the world?
What is the only active volcano on mainland Europe called?
What is desquamation the scientific term for?
How many days on Earth does it take for Venus to rotate once on its axis?
How many states of matter are there?
What does a Geiger Counter measure?
What are natural satellites colloquially known as?
In which year did the Apollo 13 space mission take place?
What metal is the best conductor of electricity?
What was the first vaccine to be developed against a contagious disease?